[OSDOCS#17621]:Update guidelines for Org Policy Constraint (#103728)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ccs-gcp-customer-procedure.adoc

* `constraints/iam.allowedPolicyMemberDomains`
** This policy constraint is supported only if Red{nbsp}Hat's Directory Customer ID's `C02k0l5e8` and `C04j7mbwl` are included in the allowlist.
* `constraints/compute.restrictLoadBalancerCreationForTypes`
** This organization policy constraint restricts the types of {GCP} load balancer types that can be created within a project. Certain load balancer types are required depending on the type of {product-title} cluster you are creating.
*** For private Workload Identity Federation (WIF)-enabled {product-title} clusters with {gcp-short} Private Service Connect (PSC), you must ensure the `INTERNAL_TCP_UDP` load balancer type is included in your organization's allowlist or excluded from the deny list.

> *** For public WIF-enabled {product-title} clusters, you must ensure the `INTERNAL_TCP_UDP`, `EXTERNAL_TCP_PROXY`, and `EXTERNAL_NETWORK_TCP_UDP` load balancer types are permitted in your organization's allowlist or excluded from the deny list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** For public WIF-enabled {product-title} clusters, you must ensure the `INTERNAL_TCP_UDP`, `EXTERNAL_TCP_PROXY`, and `EXTERNAL_NETWORK_TCP_UDP` load balancer types are permitted in your organization's allowlist or excluded from the denylist.
```
